.TH SOPLOS-APPIMAGE-MANAGER 1 "March 2026" "Soplos Linux" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
soplos-appimage-manager \- Manage and integrate AppImage applications on Soplos Linux
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B soplos-appimage-manager
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B soplos-appimage-manager
is a lightweight AppImage integration manager tailored for Soplos Linux. It allows users to add AppImage files to the desktop environment: the application moves the file to \fI~/AppImages/\fR, extracts its icon and metadata, and creates a \fI.desktop\fR entry so it appears in the application menu.
.PP
The application provides a graphical interface (GTK+ 3) to manage all your AppImages from a single place, including support for running, deleting, checking for updates and integrating manually placed AppImages.
.PP
AppImages that are manually placed in \fI~/AppImages/\fR are automatically detected and can be integrated with a single click.
.SH OPTIONS
.B soplos-appimage-manager
does not accept command-line options. It is a strictly graphical application.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/AppImages/
Directory where managed AppImage files are stored.
.TP
.I ~/AppImages/.icons/
Directory where extracted AppImage icons are stored.
.TP
.I ~/.local/share/applications/soplos-appimage-*.desktop
Desktop entries created by the manager.
.SH AUTHORS
.B Soplos Linux
(info@soploslinux.com).
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2026 Sergi Perich.
License: GPL-3.0+. This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it. There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gtk3 (1),
.BR appimage (1)
